README.md, before:

#### Monday, 27 July 2020
## General
[Final Phase of Moderna COVID-19 Vaccine Recieves Additional Funding](https://covidvax.news/final-phase-of-moderna-covid-19-vaccine-additional-funding/)

[Fauci: November Likely Earliest to See if Moderna Vaccine Works](https://news.bloomberglaw.com/pharma-and-life-sciences/fauci-november-likely-earliest-to-see-if-moderna-vaccine-works)

[Oxford vaccine enters final phase of COVID-19 trials. Here's what happens now.](https://www.nationalgeographic.com/science/2020/07/oxford-vaccine-enters-final-phase-of-covid-19-trials-in-brazil-cvd/)

## Ontario
### [Ontario sees another dip in number of new COVID-19 cases](https://toronto.ctvnews.ca/ontario-sees-another-dip-in-number-of-new-covid-19-cases-1.5040355)
_CTV News_
Ontario health officials report 119 new infections on Monday. This dip marks the third day in a row that ONtario's daily case numbers has been below 150 cases, following a spike of 195 cases on Friday.

------

#### Wednesday, 22 July 2020
## Ontario
### [Ontario records dip in COVID-19 cases but recent upward trend continues](https://toronto.ctvnews.ca/ontario-records-dip-in-covid-19-cases-but-recent-upward-trend-continues-1.5034146)
Ontario reports a decreases in new cases with health officials confirming 165 new cases on Wednesday. However, Ontario continues to see an increase from last weeks trends.

## Durham Region
### Durham reports two cases of COVID-19 on Wednesday, active cases fall to 35](https://www.durhamradionews.com/archives/128137)
For the second day in a row, Durham Region reports two new cases of COIVD-19. Of the 35 active cases, are all isolating at home-none are in the hospital.

------

#### Tuesday, 21 July 2020
## General
### [Researchers develop new tools to rapidly test activity of anti-coronavirus antibodies](https://medicalxpress.com/news/2020-07-tools-rapidly-anti-coronavirus-antibodies.html)
Measuring  antibody activity is crucial to evaluate naturally acquired or artificially induced immunity against SARS-CoV-2.
### [Range of COVID-19 skin signs linked to disease severity](https://medicalxpress.com/news/2020-07-range-covid-skin-linked-disease.html)
Certain skin changes (such as purple toes or a net-like rash) may signal COVID-19 infection.

## Ontario
### [Ontario allows more regions to advance to Stage 3 this Friday](https://toronto.ctvnews.ca/ontario-allows-more-regions-to-advance-to-stage-3-this-friday-1.50308250)
_CTV News_

Durham, Halton, Hamilton, Niagara, Haldimand-Norfolk, Lambton and York regions are set to enter Stage 3 of the province's reopening plan this coming Friday. However, Toronto, Peel and Windsor-Essex regions will be held back from entering Stage 3 for at least one more week, as the province waits to collect four weeks worth of data from the previous re-opening.

### [Ontario records highest number of new COVID-19 cases since June](https://toronto.ctvnews.ca/ontario-records-highest-number-of-new-covid-19-cases-since-june-1.5032640)
_CTV News_

The province announces 203 new lab-confirmed cases Tuesday morning - a significant increase compared to the 135 new infections added on Monday. Of the 203 new cases, Health Minister Christine Elliot confirms that 116 are in people aged 39 years and younger. 

## Durham Region
### [Durham to enter Stage 3 of reopening plan Friday](https://www.durhamradionews.com/archives/128088)
_Durham Radio News_

Premier Doug Ford says, among other regions, Durham Region will enter Stage 3 of reopening on Friday, July 24th. 

------

## General
### [How close are we to a vaccine for COVID-19?](https://newsinteractives.cbc.ca/coronavirusvaccinetracker/)
Internationally, 23 vaccines candidates have made it to human trials.
### [Global COVID-19 deaths top 600,000 as Hong Kong warns of resurgence](https://www.ctvnews.ca/health/coronavirus/global-covid-19-deaths-top-600-000-as-hong-kong-warns-of-resurgence-1.5030121)
Contries such as the United States, India and South Africa struggle to contain infections.
### [Coronavirus: What's happening around the world on Sunday](https://www.cbc.ca/news/world/coronavirus-july-19-covid-19-1.5655208)
On Saturday, WHO reported 259,848 new infections, a single-day record.

## Ontario
### [Ontario reports more than 150 new cases of COVID-19 for second straight day](https://toronto.ctvnews.ca/ontario-reports-more-than-150-new-cases-of-covid-19-for-second-straight-day-1.5030199)
After reporting new case numbers in the low 100s for over a week, health officials report more than 150 new COVID-19 cases for two days straight. In a tweet this morning, Health Minister Christine Elliot states that "Locally, 28 of Ontario’s 34 public health units are reporting five or fewer cases, with 15 of them reporting no new cases at all."

------

#### Friday, 17 July 2020
## General
### [Russian hackers have tried to steal COVID-19 research](https://www.ctvnews.ca/health/coronavirus/russian-hackers-have-tried-to-steal-covid-19-research-1.5026553)
Russia poses cyber threat to researchers working on COVID-19 vaccines and treatment.
### [PM Trudeau confirms Canada-U.S. border closure extending to Aug. 21](https://www.ctvnews.ca/politics/pm-trudeau-confirms-canada-u-s-border-closure-extending-to-aug-21-1.5027167)
Fourth renewal of border restrictions since March.
### [Coronavirus is messing with the weather forecast too](https://phys.org/news/2020-07-coronavirus-messing-weather.html)
Weather forecasts less accurate due to reduction in commercial flights.

## Ontario
### [Today’s coronavirus news: Ontario takes over management of another long-term-care home; province reports 111 new cases of COVID-19](https://www.thestar.com/news/canada/2020/07/17/coronavirus-covid-19-updates-toronto-ontario-gta-canada-july-17-2020.html)
_Toronto Star_

Along with reporting 111 new COVID-19 cases and 9 new deaths, the province of Ontario has taken over management of another long-term-care home after failing to control a COVID-19 outbreak. The Villa Colombo Homes for the Aged in Toronto's North York region will be temporarily run by Humber River Hospital following the death of 27 residents at the home and positive COVID-19 tests for another 16 residents and 5 staff.

------

#### Monday, 13 July 2020
## General
### [Scientists discover key element of strong antibody response to COVID-19](https://medicalxpress.com/news/2020-07-scientists-key-element-strong-antibody.html)
The antibody gene, IGHV3-53, is considered an achievable aim for a SARS-CoV-2 vaccine.
### [Bat research critical to preventing next pandemic](https://phys.org/news/2020-07-critical-pandemic.html)
Evidence links bat species to SARS, MERS, as well as he Marbug, Hendra, Sosuga, Nipah and some Ebola viruses.
### [National survey measures mental health impact of COVID-19 pandemic](https://medicalxpress.com/news/2020-07-national-survey-mental-health-impact.html)
90% of respondants report feeling increased frustration, worry, boredom, or anxiety.
### [Why lopinavir and hydroxychloroquine do not work on COVID-19](https://medicalxpress.com/news/2020-07-lopinavir-hydroxychloroquine-covid-.html)
Sufficient concentrations are not reached to inhibit SARS-CoV-2 virus replication in the lungs.

## Ontario
### [24 Ontario health units to enter stage 3 COVID reopening — not Hamilton and Niagara](https://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/hamilton/stage-3-ontario-covid-hamilton-1.5647605)
On Friday, July 17th, a total of 24 health units will enter Stage 3 of the province's reopening plan. The areas that are unable to enter Stage 3 include regions in the Greater Toronto Area, Hamilton, Windsor, and Windsor-Essex.

### [Ontario reopening Stage 3: Gathering limit increasing as indoor dining, gyms permitted to reopen](https://globalnews.ca/news/7169242/ontario-coronavirus-stage-3-reopening-plan/)
Ontario's Stage 3 reopening plan includes the resumption of indoor dining at bars and restuarants, opening of gyms, and an increased limit on gathering sizes. Gathering limits will increase to a maximum of 50 individuals indoors and a maximum of 100 individuals outdoors. The government states that people will still be required to maintain a physical distance of 2 meters with individuals not in their social circles, which remains at a maximum of 10 people.

------

#### Friday, 10 July 2020

## Ontario

### [What Stage 3 of Ontario's COVID-19 reopening plan could look like](https://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/toronto/ontario-stage-3-reopening-covid-19-coronavirus-pandemic-1.5643698)
_CBC News_

With new coronavirus cases declining since the beginning of June, the majority of Ontario is eager to enter Stage 3 of the province's reopening plan. Although it is not yet clear which emergency restrictions will be lifted or relaxed, Premier Doug Ford states at a news conference, "It's going to come very shortly, hopefully sooner than later."

## Durham Region

### [Masks, face coverings now mandatory indoors in Peel and Durham regions](https://globalnews.ca/news/7161356/masks-mandatory-indoors-peel-durham-regions/)
_Global News_

Peel and Durham Regions implement the bylaw that mandates wearing face masks in all indoor commercial establishments or public places.
The Durham Region Health Department provides a list of reasons for which individuals are exempt from wearing non-medical, which can be found [here](https://www.durham.ca/en/health-and-wellness/resources/Documents/Novel-Coronavirus/COVID-19-MOH-Mask-Instructions-July06-Fact-Sheet.pdf).

------

#### Tuesday, 7 July 2020

## Ontario

### [Ontario introduces legislation to extend emergency orders into next year, as province reports 112 new cases](https://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/toronto/covid-19-coronavirus-ontario-july-7-emergency-orders-1.5640163) 
_CBC News_

As Ontario reports 12 new cases, Premier Doug Ford introduces new legislation enabling the government to extend certain pandemic emergency orders one month at a time, with the bill expiring one year after it's implemented. If the law passes, certain parts of the province could be moved back to earlier stages of the pandemic lockdown if required. Along with allowing regions to be rollbacked, the bill does not prohibit price gouging on essential goods, which is to expire next week.

## Durham Region

### [A message from Ontario's Medical Officer of Health, Dr. Robert Kyle](https://www.durham.ca/en/health-and-wellness/resources/Documents/Novel-Coronavirus/COVID-19-MOH-Letter-July062020.pdf)
_Durham Region Health Department_

Dr. Robert Kyle, Minister Officer of Health has issued instructions to all commercial establishments, currently permited to operate, to make the use of non-medical face masks or face coverings mandatory when entering or remaining on the premise.

Commit message:

28 July 2020 Update
GNRL Update
ON Update
DR Update

README.md, after:

### Tuesday, 28 July 2020
## General
[Researchers identify evolutionary origins of SARS-CoV-2](https://phys.org/news/2020-07-evolutionary-sars-cov-.html)

## Ontario
### ['Not right now': Ontario premier says no specific criteria for rolling regions back to Stage 2](https://toronto.ctvnews.ca/not-right-now-ontario-premier-says-no-specific-criteria-for-rolling-regions-back-to-stage-2-1.5041796)
Ontario reported an additional 111 new cases on Tuesday - with six in Toronto. When asked if there was specific criteria in place that would cause regions to return to Stage 2 of the province's reopening plan, Premier Doug Ford avoids reponds with, "not right now" and reiterates the importance of following the advice from the healthcare table.

## Durham Region
### [Durham Region COVID-19 Data Tracker](https://app.powerbi.com/view?r=eyJrIjoiMjU2MmEzM2QtNDliNS00ZmIxLWI5MzYtOTU0NTI1YmU5MjQ2IiwidCI6IjUyZDdjOWMyLWQ1NDktNDFiNi05YjFmLTlkYTE5OGRjM2YxNiJ9)
The total confirmed cases of COVID-19 in Durham Region residents is 1,791, with only 1 new case reported since yesterday. Durham currently has no hospitalizations.

------

#### Monday, 27 July 2020
## General
[Final Phase of Moderna COVID-19 Vaccine Recieves Additional Funding](https://covidvax.news/final-phase-of-moderna-covid-19-vaccine-additional-funding/)

[Fauci: November Likely Earliest to See if Moderna Vaccine Works](https://news.bloomberglaw.com/pharma-and-life-sciences/fauci-november-likely-earliest-to-see-if-moderna-vaccine-works)

[Oxford vaccine enters final phase of COVID-19 trials. Here's what happens now.](https://www.nationalgeographic.com/science/2020/07/oxford-vaccine-enters-final-phase-of-covid-19-trials-in-brazil-cvd/)

## Ontario
### [Ontario sees another dip in number of new COVID-19 cases](https://toronto.ctvnews.ca/ontario-sees-another-dip-in-number-of-new-covid-19-cases-1.5040355)
_CTV News_
Ontario health officials report 119 new infections on Monday. This dip marks the third day in a row that ONtario's daily case numbers has been below 150 cases, following a spike of 195 cases on Friday.

------

#### Wednesday, 22 July 2020
## Ontario
### [Ontario records dip in COVID-19 cases but recent upward trend continues](https://toronto.ctvnews.ca/ontario-records-dip-in-covid-19-cases-but-recent-upward-trend-continues-1.5034146)
Ontario reports a decreases in new cases with health officials confirming 165 new cases on Wednesday. However, Ontario continues to see an increase from last weeks trends.

## Durham Region
### Durham reports two cases of COVID-19 on Wednesday, active cases fall to 35](https://www.durhamradionews.com/archives/128137)
For the second day in a row, Durham Region reports two new cases of COIVD-19. Of the 35 active cases, are all isolating at home-none are in the hospital.

------

#### Tuesday, 21 July 2020
## General
### [Researchers develop new tools to rapidly test activity of anti-coronavirus antibodies](https://medicalxpress.com/news/2020-07-tools-rapidly-anti-coronavirus-antibodies.html)
Measuring  antibody activity is crucial to evaluate naturally acquired or artificially induced immunity against SARS-CoV-2.
### [Range of COVID-19 skin signs linked to disease severity](https://medicalxpress.com/news/2020-07-range-covid-skin-linked-disease.html)
Certain skin changes (such as purple toes or a net-like rash) may signal COVID-19 infection.

## Ontario
### [Ontario allows more regions to advance to Stage 3 this Friday](https://toronto.ctvnews.ca/ontario-allows-more-regions-to-advance-to-stage-3-this-friday-1.50308250)
_CTV News_

Durham, Halton, Hamilton, Niagara, Haldimand-Norfolk, Lambton and York regions are set to enter Stage 3 of the province's reopening plan this coming Friday. However, Toronto, Peel and Windsor-Essex regions will be held back from entering Stage 3 for at least one more week, as the province waits to collect four weeks worth of data from the previous re-opening.

### [Ontario records highest number of new COVID-19 cases since June](https://toronto.ctvnews.ca/ontario-records-highest-number-of-new-covid-19-cases-since-june-1.5032640)
_CTV News_

The province announces 203 new lab-confirmed cases Tuesday morning - a significant increase compared to the 135 new infections added on Monday. Of the 203 new cases, Health Minister Christine Elliot confirms that 116 are in people aged 39 years and younger. 

## Durham Region
### [Durham to enter Stage 3 of reopening plan Friday](https://www.durhamradionews.com/archives/128088)
_Durham Radio News_

Premier Doug Ford says, among other regions, Durham Region will enter Stage 3 of reopening on Friday, July 24th. 

------

## General
### [How close are we to a vaccine for COVID-19?](https://newsinteractives.cbc.ca/coronavirusvaccinetracker/)
Internationally, 23 vaccines candidates have made it to human trials.
### [Global COVID-19 deaths top 600,000 as Hong Kong warns of resurgence](https://www.ctvnews.ca/health/coronavirus/global-covid-19-deaths-top-600-000-as-hong-kong-warns-of-resurgence-1.5030121)
Contries such as the United States, India and South Africa struggle to contain infections.
### [Coronavirus: What's happening around the world on Sunday](https://www.cbc.ca/news/world/coronavirus-july-19-covid-19-1.5655208)
On Saturday, WHO reported 259,848 new infections, a single-day record.

## Ontario
### [Ontario reports more than 150 new cases of COVID-19 for second straight day](https://toronto.ctvnews.ca/ontario-reports-more-than-150-new-cases-of-covid-19-for-second-straight-day-1.5030199)
After reporting new case numbers in the low 100s for over a week, health officials report more than 150 new COVID-19 cases for two days straight. In a tweet this morning, Health Minister Christine Elliot states that "Locally, 28 of Ontario’s 34 public health units are reporting five or fewer cases, with 15 of them reporting no new cases at all."

------

#### Friday, 17 July 2020
## General
### [Russian hackers have tried to steal COVID-19 research](https://www.ctvnews.ca/health/coronavirus/russian-hackers-have-tried-to-steal-covid-19-research-1.5026553)
Russia poses cyber threat to researchers working on COVID-19 vaccines and treatment.
### [PM Trudeau confirms Canada-U.S. border closure extending to Aug. 21](https://www.ctvnews.ca/politics/pm-trudeau-confirms-canada-u-s-border-closure-extending-to-aug-21-1.5027167)
Fourth renewal of border restrictions since March.
### [Coronavirus is messing with the weather forecast too](https://phys.org/news/2020-07-coronavirus-messing-weather.html)
Weather forecasts less accurate due to reduction in commercial flights.

## Ontario
### [Today’s coronavirus news: Ontario takes over management of another long-term-care home; province reports 111 new cases of COVID-19](https://www.thestar.com/news/canada/2020/07/17/coronavirus-covid-19-updates-toronto-ontario-gta-canada-july-17-2020.html)
_Toronto Star_

Along with reporting 111 new COVID-19 cases and 9 new deaths, the province of Ontario has taken over management of another long-term-care home after failing to control a COVID-19 outbreak. The Villa Colombo Homes for the Aged in Toronto's North York region will be temporarily run by Humber River Hospital following the death of 27 residents at the home and positive COVID-19 tests for another 16 residents and 5 staff.

------

#### Monday, 13 July 2020
## General
### [Scientists discover key element of strong antibody response to COVID-19](https://medicalxpress.com/news/2020-07-scientists-key-element-strong-antibody.html)
The antibody gene, IGHV3-53, is considered an achievable aim for a SARS-CoV-2 vaccine.
### [Bat research critical to preventing next pandemic](https://phys.org/news/2020-07-critical-pandemic.html)
Evidence links bat species to SARS, MERS, as well as he Marbug, Hendra, Sosuga, Nipah and some Ebola viruses.
### [National survey measures mental health impact of COVID-19 pandemic](https://medicalxpress.com/news/2020-07-national-survey-mental-health-impact.html)
90% of respondants report feeling increased frustration, worry, boredom, or anxiety.
### [Why lopinavir and hydroxychloroquine do not work on COVID-19](https://medicalxpress.com/news/2020-07-lopinavir-hydroxychloroquine-covid-.html)
Sufficient concentrations are not reached to inhibit SARS-CoV-2 virus replication in the lungs.

## Ontario
### [24 Ontario health units to enter stage 3 COVID reopening — not Hamilton and Niagara](https://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/hamilton/stage-3-ontario-covid-hamilton-1.5647605)
On Friday, July 17th, a total of 24 health units will enter Stage 3 of the province's reopening plan. The areas that are unable to enter Stage 3 include regions in the Greater Toronto Area, Hamilton, Windsor, and Windsor-Essex.

### [Ontario reopening Stage 3: Gathering limit increasing as indoor dining, gyms permitted to reopen](https://globalnews.ca/news/7169242/ontario-coronavirus-stage-3-reopening-plan/)
Ontario's Stage 3 reopening plan includes the resumption of indoor dining at bars and restuarants, opening of gyms, and an increased limit on gathering sizes. Gathering limits will increase to a maximum of 50 individuals indoors and a maximum of 100 individuals outdoors. The government states that people will still be required to maintain a physical distance of 2 meters with individuals not in their social circles, which remains at a maximum of 10 people.

------

#### Friday, 10 July 2020

## Ontario

### [What Stage 3 of Ontario's COVID-19 reopening plan could look like](https://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/toronto/ontario-stage-3-reopening-covid-19-coronavirus-pandemic-1.5643698)
_CBC News_

With new coronavirus cases declining since the beginning of June, the majority of Ontario is eager to enter Stage 3 of the province's reopening plan. Although it is not yet clear which emergency restrictions will be lifted or relaxed, Premier Doug Ford states at a news conference, "It's going to come very shortly, hopefully sooner than later."

## Durham Region

### [Masks, face coverings now mandatory indoors in Peel and Durham regions](https://globalnews.ca/news/7161356/masks-mandatory-indoors-peel-durham-regions/)
_Global News_

Peel and Durham Regions implement the bylaw that mandates wearing face masks in all indoor commercial establishments or public places.
The Durham Region Health Department provides a list of reasons for which individuals are exempt from wearing non-medical, which can be found [here](https://www.durham.ca/en/health-and-wellness/resources/Documents/Novel-Coronavirus/COVID-19-MOH-Mask-Instructions-July06-Fact-Sheet.pdf).

------

#### Tuesday, 7 July 2020

## Ontario

### [Ontario introduces legislation to extend emergency orders into next year, as province reports 112 new cases](https://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/toronto/covid-19-coronavirus-ontario-july-7-emergency-orders-1.5640163) 
_CBC News_

As Ontario reports 12 new cases, Premier Doug Ford introduces new legislation enabling the government to extend certain pandemic emergency orders one month at a time, with the bill expiring one year after it's implemented. If the law passes, certain parts of the province could be moved back to earlier stages of the pandemic lockdown if required. Along with allowing regions to be rollbacked, the bill does not prohibit price gouging on essential goods, which is to expire next week.

## Durham Region

### [A message from Ontario's Medical Officer of Health, Dr. Robert Kyle](https://www.durham.ca/en/health-and-wellness/resources/Documents/Novel-Coronavirus/COVID-19-MOH-Letter-July062020.pdf)
_Durham Region Health Department_

Dr. Robert Kyle, Minister Officer of Health has issued instructions to all commercial establishments, currently permited to operate, to make the use of non-medical face masks or face coverings mandatory when entering or remaining on the premise.
